"Success is a well-managed failure." - Darren Jacklin
"A winner is a dreamer who never gives up." - Nelson Mandela
"Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much." - Helen Keller
"Forget the failures. Keep the lessons." - Dalai Lama
"Real men treat the janitor with the same respect as the CEO." - Michelle Obama
"Be flexible so you can change with change." - Bruce Lee
"Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines." - Robert H. Schiuller
"Yesterday you said tomorrow. Just do it." - Nike
"Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud." - Maya Angelou
"There is no substitute for hard work." - Thomas Edison
"Strive for greatness." - Lebron James
"A happy soul is the best shield for a cruel world." - Atticus
"Turn your wounds into wisdom." - Oprah Winfrey
"Try Again. Fail again. Fail better." - Samuel Beckett
"Don’t tell people your plans. Show them your results." - Michael C.
"You can if you think you can." - George Reeves
"What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others." -  Confucius
"Be there for others, but never leave yourself behind." – Dodinsky
"Don’t take life too seriously. You’ll never get out of it alive." – Elbert H.
"Whatever you are, be a good one." – Abraham Lincoln
"Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are." – Kurt Cobain
"We don’t laugh because we’re happy – we’re happy because we laugh." – William J.
"The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up." – Mark T.
"Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today." – Will Rogers
"Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have." - Thomas Edison
"A man's true wealth is the good he does in the world." - Kahlil Gibran
"Worrying is like paying a debt you don't owe." - Mark Twain
"I'm a slow walker, but I never walk back." - Abraham Lincoln
"Life happens whether you make it or not." - Uncle Iroh
"No matter who you are, you have strengths." - David DeNotaris
"You don't lose if you get knocked down; you lose if you stay down." - Muhammad A.
"If you quit once it becomes a habit. Never quit." - Michael Jordan
"There is no growth in comfort." - Geoff Thompson
"Listen to what you know instead of what you fear." - Richard Bach
"Ninety-nine percent of success is built on failure." - Charles Kettering
